JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
GWEN IFILL: And I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
Donald Trump's campaign does
damage control
after a troubled start to the
general election,
as Hillary Clinton benefits from
a steady
post-convention bounce.
GWEN IFILL: Also ahead this
Thursday: On the
eve of the Olympics, an
investigation uncovers
decades of sexual abuse ignored
by U.S. gymnastic
officials.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And making the
most out of
a career low point -- why
hunting for a new
job can bring opportunities to
reconnect and
reinvent.
SREE SREENIVASAN, Job Seeker: I
have to take
every phone call, every lunch,
every coffee
that I can take and my days are
booked from
7:15 in the morning until late
at night.
GWEN IFILL: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
GWEN IFILL: Donald Trump has
spent this day
trying to recover, after a
series of statements
that triggered a storm of
criticism.
He campaigned today in the face
of sliding
poll numbers, and more
defections within Republican
ranks.
Correspondent Lisa Desjardins
has today's
developments.
LISA DESJARDINS: The
unconventional Donald
Trump spent the day in an
unexpected place,
Portland, Maine, with remarks
focused on immigrants
and crime.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
We are letting people come in
from terrorist
nations that shouldn't be
allowed, because
you can't vet them.
There's no way of vetting them.
You have no idea who they are.
This could be the great Trojan
horse of all
time.
LISA DESJARDINS: For Trump,
winning Maine,
with a history of voting for
Democrats for
president, would be a coup.
But he has other electoral map
concerns: A
dozen states are thought to be
in play, and
new polls out today show Trump
down significantly
in three key states, Michigan,
Pennsylvania,
and New Hampshire.
He's also behind, but within the
margin of
error, in the often decisive
Florida.
Running mate Mike Pence today
was in yet another
November battleground, North
Carolina.
In Raleigh, an 11-year-old boy,
off-camera,
put him on the spot.
BOY: You have been kind of
softening up on
his words.
(LAUGHTER)
LISA DESJARDINS: Over how Pence
has been handling
Trump's recent missteps.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE (R-IN), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
You know, sometimes, things
don't come out
like you mean, right?
And Donald Trump and I are
absolutely determined
to work together.
We have differences styles.
You might have noticed that.
(LAUGHTER)
LISA DESJARDINS: But some other
Republicans
are attacking, not defending
Trump.
Congressman Mike Coffman of
Colorado is launching
this ad slamming the nominee.
REP.
MIKE COFFMAN (R), Colorado: So,
if Donald
Trump is president, I will stand
up to him,
plain and simple.
LISA DESJARDINS: And the list of
GOP members
of Congress who've gone beyond
just criticism,
and publicly say they won't vote
for Trump,
is growing.
It now includes Air Force vet
Adam Kinzinger
of Illinois.
He joins Charlie Dent of
Pennsylvania, plus
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Carlos
Curbelo of
Florida.
There's also New York's Richard
Hanna, who's
going a step further, saying he
will vote
for Hillary Clinton.
And today, the top Republican in
Congress,
House Speaker Paul Ryan, tried
to walk the
tightrope.
Trump has refused to endorse
him.
Ryan says he still supports
Trump, but he
implied that could change.
Ryan also told a Wisconsin radio
show he will
keep pushing back when he thinks
Trump is
out of bounds.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: I
don't like to do this, I don't
want to do
this, but I will do this because
I feel I
have to in order to defend
Republicans and
our principles, so that people
don't make
the mistake of thinking we think
like that.
LISA DESJARDINS: Trump did
extend an olive
branch today, telling a crowd he
thinks Ryan
is a good guy, but still not
endorsing him.
Meanwhile, on the left:
JILL STEIN, Green Party
Presidential Candidate:
I would feel terrible if Donald
Trump gets
elected.
LISA DESJARDINS: Green Party
candidate Jill
Stein released her first
campaign ad, going
after Donald Trump and Democrat
Hillary Clinton
both.
As for Clinton, she was in Las
Vegas talking
about jobs.
As she left one stop, she turned
to respond
to a question about outsourcing,
and Donald
Trump.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
When you run for president, you
need to be
judged by what you have done.
And I think the evidence is
pretty clear.
Everything he's made, he's made
somewhere
else.
He's not put Americans to work.
He's imported foreign workers,
instead of
hiring Americans at his country
clubs and
his resorts.
He has cheated contractors.
I take that personally.
LISA DESJARDINS: The other half
of the Democratic
ticket, Tim Kaine, stopped in
Baltimore for
the National Urban League
Conference this
morning, before a tour through
the Upper Midwest
tomorrow.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: a
stunning investigation into U.S.
gymnastics
on the eve of the Olympics in
Brazil.
The Indianapolis Star and USA
Today Network
reported widespread claims that
coaches have
sexually abused young athletes.
It said the sport's governing
body has mostly
dismissed the claims.
We will explore this in full
right after the
news summary.
GWEN IFILL: In Israel, the head
of a Christian
charity's operations in Gaza is
now accused
of diverting donations to Hamas
to build tunnels
and buy weapons.
Mohammad El Halabi was arrested
in June.
He appeared in court today on
charges he siphoned
up to $50 million from World
Vision over 10
years.
World Vision says it's shocked
and has no
reason to believe the charges.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A stabbing spree
in the heart
of London last night left one
American woman
dead and five other people
wounded.
The attacker was a Norwegian
teenager of Somali
origin.
Investigators worked the crime
scene today,
and said it appeared to be the
result of mental
illness, not terrorism.
But people in the area were
rattled.
MAN: It's such a busy area.
It is right by Euston station.
There must be thousands of
people who pass
through this area every day.
I heard on the news this morning
that the
police response was quite quick.
I mean, so that gives some
comfort, but, yes,
I'm shocked.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The suspect is in
custody.
One of the wounded remains
hospitalized.
GWEN IFILL: Back in this
country, the National
Institutes of Health is moving
to promote
research using human stem cells
in animal
embryos.
It could help find ways to treat
Alzheimer's
and other diseases, or grow
organs for transplants.
NIH proposed today to lift the
moratorium
on government funding for the
research.
It was imposed last September
because of ethical
concerns.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Much of the
Southwestern U.S.
is bracing for new flooding as
monsoon seasonal
rains sweep across the region.
Six states, Arizona, California,
Colorado,
Nevada, New Mexico, and Utah,
were warned
today to be ready.
Flash floods hit parts of the
region earlier
this week, after intense storms
that knocked
down power lines and left
drivers stranded.
GWEN IFILL: A major recall today
from the
Ford Motor Company.
It involves 830,000 vehicles in
the U.S. and
Mexico.
They could have faulty side door
latches that
break, allowing the doors to
open while the
car is moving.
Ford says the recall covers six
different
models ranging from model years
2012 to 2016.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Wall Street
mostly marked
time, ahead of tomorrow's jobs
report for
July.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost about
three points to close at 18352.
The Nasdaq rose six points, and
the S&P 500
added half-a-point.
GWEN IFILL: Still to come on the
"NewsHour":
years of unreported sexual abuse
accusations
against U.S. gymnastics coaches;
stepping
up the fight against ISIS in
Libya; a shrinking
Jewish community on India's
coast; and much
more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the eve of the
opening Olympic
ceremonies in Brazil, a new
investigation
into USA Gymnastics uncovers
some disturbing
details.
As athletes are gathering in
Rio, a stunning
report from The Indianapolis
Star and USA
Today Network dominated this
day: It found
top executives in charge of
gymnastics' national
governing body for years
routinely ignored
allegations of sexual abuse by
coaches of
young athletes, in some cases
going back to
the 1990s.
The report said USA Gymnastics
had files on
more than 50 coaches around the
country, claims
that had long sat in drawers at
its office
in Indianapolis.
That included a former coach,
Mark Schiefelbein.
The news report said gymnastics
officials
had a thick file of complaints
about him for
years before he was convicted of
sexual battery
and sexual exploitation of a
minor.
Former gymnast Becca Seaborn
says he molested
her as a young girl.
Her parents learned of the
extensive file
USA Olympics had only after he
was convicted.
JILL ROBINSON, Parent: Our
daughter now is
26 years old.
This happened when she was 10
and 11.
And for it still to be where
it's at and for
them not to have changed
anything, it just
makes me sick that this is still
happening,
that these children aren't being
protected.
And it's just not fair.
The Olympics is going to start.
These kids are going to want to
go jump in
gyms and be just like these
heroes they see
on TV, and it just starts all
over again.
And it just makes me really sad.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In another case,
the report
found gymnastics officials had
sexual misconduct
files on coach James Bell five
years before
he was arrested for molesting
other gymnasts.
Kaylin Maddox Brietzke said she
was 7 when
Bell inappropriately touched
her, and she
is angry at USA Gymnastics.
KAYLIN MADDOX BRIETZKE, Sexual
Abuse Survivor:
Any corporation that puts their
reputation
above safety, honestly, is
something that
I don't want to be a part of at
all.
And I was part of USA Gymnastics
for a very
long time.
It doesn't matter who you are
protecting.
It doesn't matter that they are
part of your
organization and you want to
save face.
How about saving me?
JUDY WOODRUFF: In a statement,
Steve Penny,
the president of USA Gymnastics,
said the
organization is -- quote --
"committed to
promoting a safe environment"
and -- quote
-- "believes it has a duty to
report to law
enforcement whatever
circumstances warrant."
But he also said the group seeks
first-hand
knowledge whenever allegations
arise and noted
-- quote -- "We feel The Star
left out significant
facts that would have painted a
more accurate
picture."
For a closer look at all this,
we turn to
Marisa Kwiatkowski.
She's investigative reporter for
The Indy
Star, which is part of the USA
Today Network,
and Nancy Hogshead-Makar, a
three-time Olympic
gold medalist in swimming.
She's a lawyer and the CEO of
Champion Women,
which provides legal advocacy
for girls and
women in sports.
For the record, we invited USA
Gymnastics
to appear, but no one was
available.
And we want to thank both of you
for joining
us.
Marisa Kwiatkowski, to you
first.
Help our audience to understand
the role that
USA Gymnastics plays.
What is it to the sport of
gymnastics?
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI, Indianapolis
Star: USA
Gymnastics is the sport's
national governing
body, so they set the rules and
policies that
govern the sport of gymnastics
in the United
States.
They also are the ones who
select the Olympic
team, the team that will
represent the United
States in the Olympics.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now, the report
today suggested
something like 50 coaches may
have been involved
over a period of how many years?
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: We know that
USA Gymnastics
compiled sexual misconduct
complaint files
on at least 54 coaches between
1966 and 2006.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And so we're
talking about
something that allegedly went on
for a long
time.
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: Well, the
issue of sexual
misconduct has been a problem in
all different
kind of sports, all different
disciplines
over a long time.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Marisa
Kwiatkowski, as
we just heard, USA Gymnastics is
saying, "We
feel The Star left out
significant facts that
would have painted a more
accurate picture."
What do you think they're
referring to?
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: I'm not sure
what they're
referring to.
I can tell you that we feel that
we were extremely
fair to the information that
they provided.
In fact, on our Web site,
IndyStar.com, we
do have all of the questions
that we asked
them, along with all of their
responses, so
the public can see for
themselves specifically
what we asked and what they
responded.
We have also posted their
statement that you're
referring to in its entirety on
our Web site.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what is their
best explanation
for why these files sat there
and why people
-- parents weren't notified, why
this wasn't
more public, why something
wasn't done sooner?
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: Well, we
don't know at
this time what's in those files
because they
are sealed by the judge in the
criminal case.
And USA Gymnastics has declined
to release
them to us.
They cited the privacy of those
involved.
But we do know that those
involved allegations
of sexual misconduct against
coaches.
We don't know whether or not
those were investigated
by USA Gymnastics or whether
they were reported
to authorities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And do you have
any sense of
what happens next after -- now
that this report
is public?
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: Well, we
have a number
of articles that we're
continuing to work
on, on this topic that will be
coming out
through Indy Star and USA Today
Network in
the future.
But, specifically, there's a
lawsuit.
The lawsuit is ongoing, so the
judge will
at some point rule both on our
motion to intervene
to get access to those documents
and also
to the plaintiff's case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me turn now
to Nancy Hogshead-Makar.
What was your reaction when you
first saw
this story?
NANCY HOGSHEAD-MAKAR, Champion
Women: Well,
I was aware of this rule.
I knew that United States
Swimming also has
a similar rule, which says that
it will only
review complaints that are filed
by either
victims or parents of victims.
And that rule is not required by
the SPORTS
Act or by any sports law.
And it's just -- it's sort of a
random rule,
but it works to keep national
governing bodies
from having to go and do these
investigations
or go and file reports with the
police and
other authorities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Was there an
awareness -- staying
with you Nancy Hogshead-Makar,
was there an
awareness that this might have
been going
on over time?
NANCY HOGSHEAD-MAKAR: Well, the
issue of sexual
abuse in club and Olympic sports
is one that
I have been working on for a
number of years.
So, you, as an employee, are
protected by
Title VII.
As a student, they are protected
by Title
IX that requires that schools
investigate
and sanction those abusers or
sexual violence.
We got the president of the
United States
involved.
But when it comes to club and
Olympic sports,
there is no civil rights
protection for them.
So these national governing
bodies, what they
will say in court that we don't
owe a legal
duty to the kid who is harmed,
that the club
should handle it, that the
parent should handle
it, that other people, but not
the national
governing bodies, should handle
it.
So they -- so, consequently, you
get the rules
like the one they have which
says that, you
know, unless the kid makes the
complaint,
they're not going to do
anything.
And we know that molesters are
very good at
getting molester -- or getting
kids to be
quiet.
That's why when we find out
about molesters,
somebody like the Sandusky type,
you just
find dozens, if not hundreds of
cases.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what is the
recourse, then,
for parents, for men or women
who may have
been involved in -- may have
been involved
in a case of molestation years
ago or currently?
What can they do?
NANCY HOGSHEAD-MAKAR: Yes, there
is not the
same league protection.
There's not -- I mean, right.
And so that's consequently why
it's hard to
hear about it, why we don't hear
about a lot
of it.
And so it's usually people who
are deeply
in the sport that know best
about just how
bad it is and where the problems
are, things
like what The Indianapolis Star
revealed in
their investigation.
But if a parent thinks that they
have a problem,
they should definitely report to
their national
governing body, you know,
because we know
that both parents and victims,
they will do
an investigation, that they will
report to
the appropriate authorities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But one of the
things that's
so disturbing is how young these
children
were.
Seven years old?
NANCY HOGSHEAD-MAKAR:
Absolutely.
Yes.
No, these are small children.
The easy part for governing
bodies to do is
the education piece.
The much harder part is getting
a coach out.
You know, listen, police have a
hard time
dealing with sexual abuse and
getting and
convicting these people and
making sure that
they are in prison.
Any youth-serving organization
needs to have
very strong protections.
What we want them to have is an
independent
duty to do these investigations
and get the
molesters out of the
organization.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, I know, for
one thing,
I'm sure everyone hopes that
this kind of
public reporting of this could
begin to make
some difference.
We're going to leave it there.
Marisa Kwiatkowski, Nancy
Hogshead-Makar,
we thank you both.
NANCY HOGSHEAD-MAKAR: Thank you
very much.
MARISA KWIATKOWSKI: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in other
Olympics news,
this evening, the International
Olympic Committee
approved the entry of 271
Russian athletes
for the Rio games.
They had faced questions as to
whether or
not Russian athletes would be
banned due to
allegations of doping.
GWEN IFILL: The chaos in Libya
after the fall
of Moammar Gadhafi created a
vacuum, filled
in part by the Islamic State.
Now the United States is
stepping up pressure
on the group's stronghold there
with new attacks
launched this week.
Foreign affairs correspondent
Margaret Warner
begins our coverage.
MARGARET WARNER: President Obama
visited the
Pentagon today to confer with
his military
leadership about the battle
against the Islamic
State.
He had this to say about the
newest U.S. military
front in that fight in Libya.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
At the request of Libya's
government of national
accord, we are conducting
strikes in support
of government-aligned forces as
they fight
to retake Sirte from ISIL, and
we will continue
to support the government's
efforts to secure
their country.
MARGARET WARNER: The meeting
came three days
after the U.S. launched a series
of air and
drone strikes against the
Islamic State's
Libyan stronghold, in and around
the town
of Sirte.
The U.S. air campaign comes in
support of
a Libyan government-backed
coalition of brigades
and militias fighting ISIS on
the ground.
Those forces have taken heavy
casualties trying
to clear the town block by
block, pushing
ISIS fighters into the city
center.
MAN (through translator):
Despite the obstacles
and difficulties we have faced,
such as land
mines, booby traps and snipers,
we have made
good progress forward.
MARGARET WARNER: But their slow
going prompted
the U.N. and Western-backed
Libyan government
in Tripoli to request the U.S.
support.
The Tripoli government isn't the
only one
claiming legitimate rule in the
country.
It has a competitor in the east.
In Benghazi, renegade General
Khalifa Haftar
has been fighting Islamists and
other rival
militias for supremacy there.
He rejects the Tripoli
government's claim
to power.
But for now, the U.S. military
is focused
on the fight for Sirte, at the
heart of the
Islamic State's bid to make
Libya its most
important outpost outside of
Iraq and Syria.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
GWEN IFILL: Joining me now for
more on this
is Frederic Wehrey of the
Carnegie Endowment
for International Peace.
He's just returned from a
research trip to
the front lines of the battle
for Sirte.
He was embedded with
government-backed militias
as they battled Islamic State
fighters.
Welcome.
FREDERIC WEHREY, Carnegie
Endowment for International
Peace: Thank you.
GWEN IFILL: We heard the
president today boast
of success against ISIS, whether
it was in
Syria or Iraq or Afghanistan,
and he also
scolded Russia's role.
But Libya seems like it's a
whole more complicated
issue.
FREDERIC WEHREY: Absolutely.
First, there's no government, or
it's split.
I mean, there's many
governments.
And the forces that are fighting
the Islamic
State are a coalition of
militias that are
very loosely affiliated to this
government
of national accord.
And so the United States' effort
is to really
use airpower to support that
offensive.
But, beyond that, you have got
enormous challenges
of building the Libyan state.
GWEN IFILL: How widespread is
the ISIS footprint
in Libya?
FREDERIC WEHREY: Right now, it's
concentrated
in this coastal city of Sirte.
I heard estimates of about 500
fighters.
It also has a presence, a slight
presence,
in the West, a presence in
Benghazi.
But over the past year, we have
really seen
Libyan forces of their own
accord push back
against the Islamic State.
GWEN IFILL: We have heard the
president use
an interesting term today in his
remarks today.
He talked about the risk of this
becoming
global Whac-A-Mole.
Is that what Libya is?
FREDERIC WEHREY: Well,
certainly, this is
an affiliate that is powerful,
that was growing.
And so I think the president of
the United
States and our Western allies
felt the need
to support local forces in this
battle.
Libya is strategically located
close to Africa,
close to Europe.
By some estimates, it is the
most powerful
affiliate outside of Syria and
Iraq.
GWEN IFILL: Tell us about Sirte
and tell us
about Misrata, two key areas
here.
FREDERIC WEHREY: Right.
Well, Sirte was Gadhafi's
hometown and base
of support.
The town really fell into
disrepair and disarray
after the revolution.
And the Islamic State was able
to exploit
that, exploit tribal grievances,
and come
in and set up a form of
governance there,
a very draconian form of
government.
Misrata is a town just down the
road to the
west that fields the most
powerful militias.
And they are providing most of
the fighters
that are launching that assault
on Sirte.
GWEN IFILL: And that's who you
spent a lot
of time with, these fighters,
when you were
on the ground.
So what evidence did you see as
you traveled
on the front lines of the
presence of ISIS?
FREDERIC WEHREY: Well, you
certainly see ISIS
beyond the front lines.
GWEN IFILL: Right.
FREDERIC WEHREY: They -- we went
into a bomb-making
factory, and you see ISIS
corpses.
ISIS is in the city.
The Misratan forces are flying
drones.
They are observing the ISIS
fighters.
So they are dug in.
They have sniper in buildings.
They set up booby traps and
mines.
They have a few artillery and
tank pieces
that the U.S. just hit.
So they're prepared for the long
haul.
And the thing is, they don't
have anywhere
to go.
And that's why they're fighting
so ferociously,
to the death.
GWEN IFILL: You wrote that you
saw a structure
for crucifixions?
FREDERIC WEHREY: This was a
roundabout on
the outskirts of Sirte that was
used for crucifixions
that had a metal scaffolding
that the Misratans,
when they went in, they
dismantled it.
It was a very powerful moment
when they took
this down, because that's where
the Islamic
State held their public
executions.
GWEN IFILL: How sophisticated
are the ISIS
fighters?
FREDERIC WEHREY: They enjoy a
lot of support
from foreign fighters that seem
to have quite
a lot of expertise in tactics
like mortars
and sniping and booby traps,
mines.
When you talk to the Misratan
and GNA fighters,
they're suffering a lot from
mines.
There are reports of some
defections from
Libyan fighters because they see
the noose
tightening.
But they're in it for the long
haul.
GWEN IFILL: And yet, as you
started off pointing
out, and we always come back
around to this
every place that the U.S. is
engaged in, which
is internal politics on the
ground affect
what the future will be.
FREDERIC WEHREY: Absolutely.
In Libya, the government, even
if ISIS is
ousted from Sirte, there are
enormous challenges
for rebuilding this country.
As we heard, there is the
faction in the east
under General Khalifa Haftar
that rejects
this government in Tripoli.
There's the question of oil
revenues.
This government in Tripoli is so
fragile.
And it hasn't been able to exert
its authority.
And so I think one purpose
behind the U.S.
strikes was to help this
government, to show
the government that the U.S. has
your back,
we're helping you in this
campaign.
GWEN IFILL: With the
understanding that the
U.S. will be done once ISIS is
done?
FREDERIC WEHREY: Well, I think
U.S. and the
other allies want to help this
government
rebuild its army, get the
economy back on
track.
The Europeans have a huge role
to play here.
I think we heard the president
acknowledge
that we really dropped the ball
in the year
after Gadhafi fell, so there's
tremendous
work to be done.
GWEN IFILL: Frederic Wehrey of
the Carnegie
Endowment for International
Peace, thank you.
FREDERIC WEHREY: My pleasure.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": why
the U.S.
sent Iran $400 million the same
day four hostages
were released; what one man's
very public
job search teaches us about
being unemployed;
and Alec Baldwin explains why he
was born
to be a radio host.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, first: the
last hurrah
in a once thriving Jewish
community in one
of the diaspora's farthest-flung
places.
Fred de Sam Lazaro takes us to
India.
A version of this story aired on
"Religion
& Ethics Newsweekly."
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: In its
nearly 900-year
history, this synagogue had
never seen an
observance like this one.
They came from four continents
to this unlikely
location, the coastal Indian
city of Cochin,
for the first Sabbath service in
decades -- and
possibly the last one ever.
A once thriving Jewish community
of several
thousand has mostly faded into a
bittersweet
history in the age of modern-day
Israel, said
Yeshoshua Sivan, a British-born
Israeli.
YESHOSHUA SIVAN, British-born
Israeli: I'm
very sad to see communities
disappear.
On the other hand, I'm very
happy to see that
after all these years of
dispersion the prophecy
of the return to the land of
Israel is in
my time being -- I'm part of it
-- is being
realized.
At least we see the synagogues,
we see the
streets, we see how life was
once here.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Jewish life
along India's
Malabar Coast dates back to the
ancient spice
trade that drew explorers from
across the
sea.
They come now as tourists, but
they came in
ancient times to trade, and, in
the case of
some Jews, to settle -- from
Yemen, Mesopotamia,
and later a few from Spain and
Portugal after
the Inquisition.
Away from tourist enclaves,
there's a struggle
to preserve what remains of the
Jewish heritage
here.
I'm standing in what was the
women's section
of a synagogue in Mala, about
four or five
miles in from the coastline.
There was a thriving Jewish
community here
until 1955, when they decided,
all of them,
en masse, to emigrate to Israel.
And they turned this building
over to local
municipal authorities.
PROFESSOR C. KARMACHANDRAN,
India: They were
very good friends.
They were very good neighbors.
They were very good traders.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Some left
for religious
fulfillment in the new Jewish
homeland, says
retired Professor C.
Karmachandran, who heads
a local historic preservation
committee.
Others thought Israel had better
economic
prospects, he adds, but none
left in fear.
Scholars agree that there's
little history
of anti Semitism in India.
PROFESSOR C. KARMACHANDRAN: They
were given
all the protection by the rulers
as well as
the local people to maintain
their culture,
their religion, their belief and
their practices,
and this in fact is the living
symbol of that
particular lofty tradition.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: But even
lofty traditions
come under development pressure
or suffer
neglect.
Already half the old Jewish
cemetery has been
appropriated for a stadium,
Karmachandran
complains.
The rest is overgrown with
weeds, where livestock
graze.
Fading memories breed
indifference, he says,
but in a time of growing
religious tensions
in India, it's critical to
preserve the heritage
here.
PROFESSOR C. KARMACHANDRAN: To
keep it up
for posterity.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: For
posterity.
PROFESSOR C. KARMACHANDRAN: This
is a lesson
of tolerance.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO:
Sixty-year-old Elias Josephai
was made caretaker of the
synagogue in Cochin.
He's one of the last remaining
members of
a community that numbers no more
than a handful
today.
This is where school children
sat?
In the space where children once
studied on
the Shabbat, he runs a nursery
and aquarium
supply business.
The synagogue proper served as a
dusty warehouse
when I first visited Josephai.
And the scrolls from here are?
ELIAS JOSEPHAI, India: In
Israel.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Its sacred
scrolls were
donated years ago to a museum in
Israel.
Lacking the minyan or quorum of
10 men required
for a Shabbat service, there
hadn't been one
since 1972.
ELIAS JOSEPHAI: I cry every
Shabbat, every
holiday.
I cry in my heart.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: About a year
ago, Josephai
shared that lament with some
Israeli tourists
who stopped by.
ARI GREENSPAN, Tourist: And when
he told us
that they hadn't prayed in that
synagogue
since 1972, I said to myself,
I've got to
come back with a group, with a
quorum of 10
men.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Brooklyn
native Ari Greenspan,
a dentist and amateur chef now
in Israel,
did indeed organize a return
tour of India's
Jewish communities, complete
with a kosher
menu.
ARI GREENSPAN: So here we have a
traditional
Jewish cook and a traditional
Indian cook,
Ravi, who's been traveling with
us all week,
making sure that we have both
strictly kosher
and amazingly tasty kosher
Indian food.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: As they
prepared the Shabbat
meal, some of the 35 visitors
took time for
pre-Shabbat prayers.
Most came here under the
auspices of the
U.S.-and-Israel-based
Orthodox Union, which encourages
Jewish heritage
tours.
MICHAEL WIMPFHEIMER, Tourist:
It's still wonderful
to go into a building which
hasn't been used
in a very long time.
At least you're able to have it
function again
for the purpose a synagogue was
meant, namely
to hold a prayer service.
It's kind of a revitalization,
even for a
short time.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: For
Josephai, it was a
dream 44 years in the making, as
the visitors
entered a sanctuary that had
been spiffed
up.
They heaped praise on their
host.
ARI GREENSPAN: You're sort of on
the cusp.
He's the last guy here, and when
he goes -- he
should live to be 120 years old,
right, but,
when he goes, that's it.
Two thousand years of Cochin is
gone.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Josephai
actually plans
to be gone in four years,
retiring and settling,
like all the rest, in Israel.
It's not an easy decision,
leaving a land
he holds dear and a place so
influential in
forming who he is.
ELIAS JOSEPHAI: I will keep my
heart over
here and then go.
Always, I love India, but it is
inevitable.
One day, today or tomorrow, I
have to leave
the country, not because of the
discrimination,
but, as a Jew, to live, to be as
a Jew.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Elias
Josephai may well
be that last Jew, the one who'll
turn out
the lights on nearly a
millennium of history
in this place.
For the "PBS NewsHour," this is
Fred de Sam
Lazaro, in Cochin, India.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fred's reporting
is a partnership
with the Under-Told Stories
Project at the
University of St. Thomas in
Minnesota.
GWEN IFILL: The Iran nuclear
deal has been
a major issue in this year's
presidential
election.
Detractors blame Hillary Clinton
and the Obama
administration for caving to
Iranian demands,
while receiving little in
return.
Now revelations about U.S.
payments to the
Iranian government add a new
wrinkle to those
critiques.
Hari Sreenivasan has more.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This week, The
Wall Street
Journal broke news that the
Obama administration
secretly airlifted $400 million
in cash to
Iran.
The money was owed as part of a
failed arms
deal prior to the 1979 Islamic
Revolution.
But the payment coincided within
the release
of four Americans imprisoned in
Tehran, raising
questions about cash for
prisoners.
Donald Trump criticized the move
today at
his rally in Portland, Maine.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
Four hundred million in cash.
It's being flown in an airplane
to Iran.
I wonder where that money really
goes, by
the way.
Right?
I wonder where it really goes.
Well, it went to either in their
pockets,
which I actually think more so,
or toward
terrorism, probably a
combination of both.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Late this
afternoon, President
Obama pushed back and defended
the U.S. decision
to send the cash to Iran.
He spoke at the Pentagon.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
We announced these payments in
January, many
months ago.
It wasn't a secret.
We announced them to all of you.
Iran had pressed a claim before
an international
tribunal about them recovering
money of theirs
that we had frozen that, as a
consequence
of its working its way through
the international
tribunal, it was the assessment
of our lawyers
that we were now at a point
where there was
significant litigation risk, and
we could
end up costing ourselves
billions of dollars.
It was their advice and
suggestion that we
settle.
HARI SREENIVASAN: For more on
this, I'm joined
by the reporter who broke the
story, The Wall
Street Journal's Jay Solomon.
He's also the author of the
forthcoming book
"The Iran Wars: Spy Games, Bank
Battles and
the Secret Deals That Reshaped
the Middle
East."
Jay, thanks for joining us.
It's not every day that the
secretary of state
and then the president come out
and sort of
challenge the newsiness of your
story.
At one point, the president
called this part
of manufactured outrage.
I guess the central question
here is, was
this part of this pre-negotiated
payment for
the arms deal in the late '70s?
What has your reporting shown
that this might
have been something closer to a
ransom payment?
JAY SOLOMON, The Wall Street
Journal: The
difficult part of this story
from the very
beginning was, the
administration did announce
back in January this $1.7
billion payment.
But as far as the specifics, the
mechanics,
they have refused to answer,
like, when did
the money arrive, how was it
spent, was it
sent in cash, until, through our
reporting,
we found out that actually this
money was
sent in pallets of cash on a
plane secretly.
And to this day, we're still
trying to figure
out the timing, when did this
money arrive,
and through this reporting,
there is indications
that it was secret, that
basically these Americans
weren't going to be released
until that money
arrived.
So then it becomes a question
really of timing.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, which
leads you to believe
that there was a quid pro quo,
that the prisoners
wouldn't be released until the
cash was in
hand?
JAY SOLOMON: That is part of
what we're seeing.
It is hard, because various
elements are true.
The White House says this was a
decades-old
dispute over financing over this
arms deal.
That is true.
There are a lot of different
disputes that
have been -- that are continuing
between Iran
and the U.S. on the financial
side.
But the particulars of how this
was paid and
when the money got there is
still -- they
refuse to answer those
questions.
And they could easily resolve
this by just
saying, yes, the money arrived
then, it was
paid in cash, and there was no
problem.
But if you watched the State
Department transcript
today, they were repeatedly
asked and they
would just not answer that
question.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The president
seemed to
say that it was cash partly
because our sanctions
against Iran were working so
well and that
we don't have a banking
relationship with
them.
I think he said sort of, well,
because we
couldn't write them a check.
JAY SOLOMON: I think that is --
there is probably
truth to that as well.
I think there are a lot of
possible truths
to this.
Was it had to go in cash because
there was
no other way to get there?
I can believe that.
Was it also the situation where
the Iranian
side wouldn't give up these
Americans until
they got that money?
I could see that.
The Iranians -- some of the
generals themselves
had publicly said that this was
-- they would
only release the spies, as they
called them,
once the money arrived.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And there's
also recent
reporting in The Wall Street
Journal this
morning about the tension
between the Department
of Justice and the State
Department in doing
this at all.
JAY SOLOMON: And the Department
of Justice
is interesting, because there
seemed to be
consensus within the government
that this
was -- the amount of money was
actually a
good deal, that this was a
37-year dispute.
The initial payment was -- kind
of the principal
was $400 million, and just
paying an additional
$1.3 billion in interest wasn't
a bad deal
for the United States.
But there was a concern about
the optics and
how the Iranian side would spin
it, that they
were going to basically take the
timing of
and the arrival of cash as a
sign that this
was ransom or quid pro quo and
that they would
use this possibly in future
cases.
And I think what a lot of people
in the U.S.
government are concerned of, in
the last six
months, there have been -- last
year, there
have been three more
Iranian-Americans taken
prisoner.
There are another three European
and Canadian
Iranian nationals who have been
taken prisoner
in the last, I think, three
months.
So it's a cycle.
And when you look back on the
history of the
United States-Iranian relations
going back
to the revolution, you see this
cycle, you
know, that the American
diplomats who were
taken hostage, the resolution
for that was
partly the unfreezing of assets
in the United
States that were the shah's
money.
The three hikers who were taken
prisoner in
2009, their release was also
tied to both
a prisoner exchange and cash
being paid..
So it's not like this is a
one-off.
If you take a step back, it's a
longer cycle.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right, Jay
Solomon of
The Wall Street Journal, thanks
for joining
us tonight.
JAY SOLOMON: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: This week, a
former news reporter
and professor, Sree Sreenivasan,
was named
chief digital officer for New
York City.
It's the culmination of a very
public job
search Srinivasan embarked on
just last month.
Special correspondent Roben
Farzad looks at
what Sreenivasan's experience
could teach
the rest of us.
It's part of our series Making
Sense, which
airs Thursdays on the
"NewsHour."
ROBEN FARZAD: At 7:00 a.m. in
New York's Riverside
Park, Digital Guru Sree
Sreenivasan was walking
his beagle mix, Tara.
But this was also an early
morning networking
session.
What's one thing you have
learned from the
other places you're able to
apply here?
SREE SREENIVASAN, Job Seeker: I
think finding
your key influencers and your
largest audience.
ROBEN FARZAD: Four days earlier,
Sreenivasan
lost his job as chief digital
officer at New
York's financially strained
Metropolitan Museum
of Art.
SREE SREENIVASAN: After three
amazing years,
I will be leaving The Met on
June 30.
ROBEN FARZAD: It was a career
low point that
his network knew all about
because he himself
broadcast the news on social
media.
"If you want to invite me to
anything," he
wrote, "I now have time,
including for meaningful
cups of coffee and drinks.
I would also love to go walking
with anyone
available."
SREE SREENIVASAN: And I gave
people this form,
which might have been the
funniest thing,
where people could go in and
give me suggestions
on what to do.
ROBEN FARZAD: Over 1,000 people
sent advice.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Visit with our
camera club.
Go fishing.
Rescue Twitter.
Start a social media consulting
firm.
ROBEN FARZAD: Vacation first,
then host your
own TV show.
SREE SREENIVASAN: All the good
TV shows are
taken, so there's no chance.
ROBEN FARZAD: His Facebook post
got almost
500 comments, including some job
offers.
Sreenivasan turned them down.
SREE SREENIVASAN: People may not
always know
what's the right thing, but they
want to help.
ROBEN FARZAD: Sreenivasan is
prolific online.
He taught social media at
Columbia Journalism
School for years.
And while radical transparency
is all the
rage these days, even he was
reluctant to
take his plight public.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Oh, I didn't
want to do
this.
I had no interest in talking
about myself
in a moment of weakness, as it
is right now.
My goal was to get a job.
ROBEN FARZAD: Tell us about the
most memorable
or audacious overtures people
have made to
you.
SREE SREENIVASAN: I have been
really touched
by the folks who have said,
including one
of my friends who said, I can't
hire you full-time,
but I have a single day of
consulting money,
and will you come speak to us on
July 21?
And it was so meaningful.
And I had someone drop off a
pair of Nike
shoes because they heard that I
want to go
on a walk.
ROBEN FARZAD: Someone even sent
money.
SREE SREENIVASAN: "Sree, I am
sending this
check in case you run out of
rice, noodles,
lentils or dollars."
I mean, who does that?
That is such a generous gesture.
ROBEN FARZAD: At home with his
wife, Roopa,
a consultant, and their family,
Sreenivasan
was trying to capitalize on that
good will.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Former chief
digital officer
of The Met.
ROBEN FARZAD: Working the phone.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Sorry.
Thanks for holding.
I'm just checking my calendar.
ROBEN FARZAD: Lunch with a
former colleague
at Columbia Journalism School.
SREE SREENIVASAN: What is your
advice for
people when they stumble?
MAN: It happens to all of us.
People use it as an opportunity
to grow.s
ROBEN FARZAD: And miles of
walking and talking.
SREE SREENIVASAN: I have to take
every phone
call, every lunch, every coffee
that I can
take and my days are booked from
7:15 in the
morning until late at night.
ROBEN FARZAD: So he was
connecting with as
many people as possible.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Do you feel
like people
are surprised to know that a New
Yorker cartoonist
needs to reinvent herself?
ROBEN FARZAD: A walk with
cartoonist Liza
Donnelly became an impromptu
Facebook Live
session.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Hi, everybody.
ROBEN FARZAD: With an audience
of over 2,000.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Folks, just
tell us where
you're watching from, and hit
share right
now on Facebook, so your
friends, family,
enemies can join us.
ROBEN FARZAD: The theme of the
day?
Reinvention.
SREE SREENIVASAN: Lauren says,
"How does one
reinvent themselves while
working in the same
craft?"
LIZA DONNELLY, Cartoonist: I try
to push my
limits and use different tools.
Actually, these are subway
drawings that I
did on my phone.
It's a little boy looking out
the window.
I sit there with my finger and
draw.
SREE SREENIVASAN: I think
reinvention, and
you're an example of this, is
that it's reinventing
not who you are, but how you do
your work,
your processes, getting the word
out.
You have to do this when you
don't need to
do it.
ROBEN FARZAD: Granted,
Sreenivasan is a high-profile,
highly networked figure, such a
mainstay on
Twitter that he even gave his
job search a
hashtag, #sree3oh.
But what about the vast majority
of jobless
who lack Sreenivasan's resources
and know-how?
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ, Job Seeker:
I just want
to find the right position for
me.
ROBEN FARZAD: Katrina Seals Ruiz
recently
learned her event management
position would
be cut in a bank merger.
Are you in a position to do what
Sree is doing,
in that opening it up really,
truly to the
world, leaving nothing a secret?
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: I would
never think to
post on Facebook.
He already has that relationship
with the
social media space.
And I don't think I have that
relationship
yet.
I'm still kind of dabbling in
it.
ROBEN FARZAD: So her news would
reach just
250 friends on Facebook,
compared to Sreenivasan's
5,000.
She's new to Twitter.
Her dozen or so followers are
dwarfed by Sreenivasan's
80,000.
Have you had any unsolicited job
offers yet?
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: No.
No unsolicited job offers.
I would welcome that greatly.
ROBEN FARZAD: But Seals Ruiz is
working the
connections she has, even
contacting professionals
she doesn't know on LinkedIn.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: I have no
problem using
LinkedIn as an InMail reaching
out to folks.
For example, when I started this
job search,
I reached out to one of those
people that
I had InMailed, and she happened
to say -- "Katrina,"
she said, "you're not going to
believe this,
but I just mentioned your name."
I hadn't spoken to her in
months.
She didn't have a job for me,
but we just
had a great conversation.
ROBEN FARZAD: And like
Sreenivasan, she's
taking every appointment.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: It's great
to sit down
with you now.
I wish it was under different
circumstances.
ROBEN FARZAD: Laura Kottkamp
directs corporate
relations at Virginia
Commonwealth University's
Business School, near Katrina's
home base
in Richmond.
LAURA KOTTKAMP, Virginia
Commonwealth University
Business School: You could look
at the same
industry, which would be talking
to other
banks.
Then I would recommend that we
put you in
touch with some people that are
in, say, an
I.T. company.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: I really --
it think you
have had some really great
suggestions and
recommendations that I will
definitely utilize.
LAURA KOTTKAMP: It's tiring, I
think.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: It's
exhausting.
It's discouraging, too, I mean,
because you
know I feel like I'm a big deal.
(LAUGHTER)
LAURA KOTTKAMP: We think that
too.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: And, you
know, so I'm
like, how come they don't see
that?
(LAUGHTER)
ROBEN FARZAD: Seals Ruiz is
working hard to
get her name out there.
In the meantime, she's drawing
on another
talent, performing at private
events.
KATRINA SEALS RUIZ: The next
several months,
it might be what I rely on, just
depending
on how things work out with my
job search.
ROBEN FARZAD: She travels to New
York regularly
for gigs.
So we hooked her up with
Sreenivasan, who
was walking with a friend.
SREE SREENIVASAN: People want to
help you.
And your friends want to help
you.
But 99 percent of the time, they
have no idea
what you actually do and what
you can do.
I have had very good friends
say, well, what
can you actually do?
So, making something simple that
can be forwarded
to somebody, very useful, very
important.
ROBEN FARZAD: Back at home,
Sreenivasan hoped
more people could learn from his
experience.
SREE SREENIVASAN: If you are
working right
now, don't be complacent.
Make sure that you use this
opportunity to
build out your network, to
continue to build
the digital skills that are
relevant to your
industry, your kind of work now,
because one
of the things we have learned is
that jobs
come and go.
And you have -- but your network
never leaves.
I tell people that it's too late
to figure
out Twitter when the plane has
just landed
on the Hudson.
It's too late to figure out
LinkedIn when
your company starts having
layoffs.
Yes, I should.
Yes.
ROBEN FARZAD: Sree, for his
part, starts his
new job with New York City this
fall.
Katrina is still looking.
But she refuses to sing the
blues.
Hit her up on Twitter or
LinkedIn if you know
of something.
For the "PBS NewsHour" I'm Roben
Farzad in
New York.
GWEN IFILL: Next, to another in
our Brief
But Spectacular series, where
interesting
people talk about their
passions.
Tonight, we hear from Alec
Baldwin, famous
for his decades-long career in
film and television.
He is also now host of a WNYC
Studios podcast,
"Here's the Thing."
MAN: When I first started
listening, I remember
thinking he was born to host
public radio.
(LAUGHTER)
ALEC BALDWIN, Actor: Good lord.
Wow, I have never been insulted
like that
in my life.
I don't need to be in some
Batman vs. Superman
kind of film anymore.
I'm too old for that.
But I was born to host?
What am I, Leonard Lopate Jr.?
Acting was like sex.
And when I was young, I would do
it with anybody.
You get bedazzled by money and
by other things.
I always say to people, don't
live a big life
in your early career, so you can
really, really
have a career, like Liam Neeson
or like Daniel
Day-Lewis, Colin Firth, Kevin
Kline, people
that I really admire.
The who succeed the most in the
business,
it's the most important thing in
their lives,
or at least during a very --
kind of the halcyon
years.
Get out there and give
everything you have
got while you're young and
beautiful.
I gave this advice to Leonardo
DiCaprio, and
look what he's doing.
It is just working like a charm
for him.
He's did everything I told him
to do, and,
look, he's got women jumping out
of the trees
on him and he's got an Oscar.
So, you're welcome, Leo.
This is Alec Baldwin.
And you're listening to "Here's
the Thing,"
my chance to talk with artists,
policy-makers
and performers.
I don't view this show as an
interview.
I view it as a conversation.
People have complained.
They're like, "Oh, Alec, shut
up," and that
I'm intruding on the people
there.
But I'm kind of trying to push
them toward
something I think we don't
already know about
them.
You leave them alone in the
longer format,
and 15 or 20 minutes goes by,
and they're
telling you everything that you
had hoped
that they would tell you.
But it's their decision.
One of the most interesting
interviews was
Paul Simon, who -- if we had
videotaped it,
I mean, he just like stared at
me.
I would be like, so, what did
you have for
breakfast?
He would be like, no, I'm not
going to talk
about what I had for breakfast.
And it was like, he's so
private, where there's
other people who, you roll the
tape and they
just do an unbroken monologue
for like an
hour.
I could get up out of -- and
leave the room
and go have lunch and come back
and they wouldn't
even notice I was gone.
It's really about people's
feelings about
what they do.
Like, when you're Paul
McCartney, do you ever
sit up there and, like, you get
really wistful
and think, man, I'm still doing
this 50 years
later?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., what do
you -- when
you see images of your dad, what
do you think?
The drama of your family, how
does that play
out in your daily life and who
you are?
And, of course, the biggest one
for me I wanted
-- I wanted to get was Obama.
How did it feel to do that job
for eight years,
the ups and the downs?
I was dying to do that, but I
don't think
I'm going to get him.
(LAUGHTER)
ALEC BALDWIN: So, I remember Al
Gore was on
the set of "30 Rock" working
with us.
And I turned to him.
And he said, "Now, Alec, you
were interested
in politics at some point in
your life, if
I'm not wrong."
I said, "Yes, sir, I really was,
but the presidency
of the United States isn't what
it used to
be."
And the look he gave me, he just
stared at
me and went, "No, it is not."
Like, what an amazing thing to
have him say,
who had been in that world for
so long.
And it has changed.
I had the desire to do something
in the world
of politics when I was young.
And that waned and waned and
waned.
Over the last maybe 10 years,
it's almost
completely been extinguished.
I don't have any desire for that
at all anymore.
You have got to give me a really
good reason
to leave my house, because I
have got two
little kids.
And my wife and I are having
another one.
And so that's my big -- my big
production
I'm working on now is my family.
I'm Alec Baldwin.
And this is my Brief But
Spectacular take
on why I was born to host a
public radio talk
show.
GWEN IFILL: Reading between the
lines, Judy,
I think he wants our job.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You think so?
GWEN IFILL: This is what I'm
thinking.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We need to talk
further.
GWEN IFILL: You can find out by
watching more
of our Brief But Spectacular
videos online
at PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Also online: What
outcomes
could the election have for
Social Security
and Medicare?
On our Making Sense page, our
Medicare expert
takes a look at the party
platforms and what
the candidates have promised.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And a clarification before we
go.
Last night, in the introduction
to Julian
Assange, we said that he was
avoiding extradition
to the U.S.
We should have said he first
faces extradition
to Sweden for questioning over
sexual assault
allegations.
From there, he could face
possible charges
in the U.S. related to releasing
classified
information.
GWEN IFILL: Tune in later
tonight on "Charlie
Rose": Dr. Anthony Fauci of the
National Institutes
of Health on the funding
shortage that may
jeopardize the battle against
the Zika virus.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and
good night.